how do I feel about me information
society that's a difficult question
because I didn't know we were in the
information society what is up guys
karma medic here and welcome back to
another dose another day another vlog
got a really interesting day today so I
thought I'd bring you guys along with me
ignore my red nose I know I'm quite
sunburned I just went on a snowboarding
trip it was an absolutely crazy time I
highly recommend you to check out that
video just had my morning coffee with me
as I'm able to speak to you guys right
now I don't say a single word in the
morning before I have my coffee I'm just
gonna go fix my hair
make some breakfast pack my bags and
we'll be on our way see ya alright so
I'm going to the library and uh playing
basketball today which means two things
[Music]
all right so I'm bucks not my day it's
about 8:30 in the morning and I'm
heading to guys campus to the NHH new
Hunts House library where I'm gonna say
and have a pretty decent library search
to get my day started so I'm not on my
way to the tube station and this is
probably one of my least favorite things
about London is getting on the tube
early in the morning during rush hour or
even an afternoon but it's just so close
to phobic and crammed dirty sweaty
haunted
[Music]
all right on campus I'm sitting outside
of the Chandler Sale building and I'm
about to head into the library which is
over there yesterday you might have seen
on my Instagram story that I finished my
student selected component essay which
is a huge relief it was a two thousand
word essay and I just banged it out and
about half a day or so so I'm really
happy to have that done today I'm just
gonna work on focusing on lectures
taking notes for my upcoming exam so I
can just get a head start on that
because I'm flying to Greece soon and I
want to be able to spend time with my
girlfriend my friends and family without
being too too worried about work so yeah
about ten into the library and I'll see
you there
[Music]
heading for my personal tutor meeting
now alright so I was the nice quick
meeting with my personal tutor basically
you can go to talk to about any problems
that you're having either within school
or outside of school you also have to
meet with them three times on a yearly
basis so I was just meeting with him now
for the third and final time getting my
portfolio signed off which I've hand in
at the end of this year anyways I'm
gonna head back to the library now for
another couple hours of good revision
before I break for lunch and hopefully
I'll be seeing Kenji then playing a
little bit of ping pong and relaxing a
bit for the day to see you guys in a bit
[Music]
[Applause]
all right so this all behind me is
called borrow market it's about a two
three minute walk from guys campus here
University and it's basically a
collection of like a bunch of different
stalls selling all kinds of different
ethnic food and desserts
and even have some like pottery and
things like that just a little bit of
art sprinkled in there as well so this
is where I come sometimes to grab lunch
when I'm done studying in the library or
I want to break a little bit from campus
so I'm gonna walk around here and see
what lunch I could find and I'll see you
guys in a bit all right so that is lunch
all done
I'm gonna head back to the library for a
couple of hours now before going to my
good friend Lauren's student selected
component presentation so you know how I
wrote that essay on HIV vaccine
prospects and challenges my friend his
project it was based on taking photos
and videos of medical students that have
passion projects outside of medical
school and so I'm one of the students
featured in his project and he's going
to be presenting me on campus today so
I'm gonna go check it out and support
him and see what it's all about
[Music]
all right so I think I'm done studying
for today spend quite a few hours in the
library heading over to my good friend
Aaron's art exhibition so I'm pretty
excited to go see what he's done and
I'll take you guys along with me I'm
interested in portrait photography so
I've been spending the last few months
shooting with other year two medics and
I realized that a lot of things that we
do outside of medicine that we really
love that we've brought in and really
helps us get through this course so
that's when I realized why don't I try
to take follows them in their moment and
also capture stories and them doing what
they love and I put a stethoscope around
each of them to put in what identity
feels like when you're a doctor but you
also everything that you came in with
what they are thank you all right off
the basketball now
[Music]
I've talked about this much on the
channel but sports and exercise is a
really big part of my life I really
really enjoy exercising and if I'm not
going to the gym I'm usually going for a
run or playing basketball and do each of
those things at least once a week so I
try to get two to three days of exercise
per week in my life and I find that that
really helps me cope with stress from
University stress in other parts of my
life and it just sort of gives me a
release from like the rest of the day
and the rest of the things that are
doing and it's one of the things I look
forward to the most every single week so
I'll catch up with you guys when I'm
done with the game
[Music]
so that is possible all said and done I
am absolutely knackered and definitely
looking forward to going home although I
usually cook all of my meals when I'm at
home I don't have anything prepared and
it's quite late at night and have an
early wakeup tomorrow because I'm going
to the GP sit in and see some patients
so I've just ordered some chicken from
Nando's and I'm really looking forward
to eating how when I get home it's been
an absolutely exhausting long day did a
lot of studying a lot of fun
extracurricular activities and just
things to like spice up my day a little
bit so I wasn't sitting in the library
for the whole time hopefully you've
enjoyed this vlog and you've got to see
how it is that I studied during exam
season I try not to stay in the library
for like 12 hours in a row I do four
hour blocks and in the middle I go for
lunch or meet some friends play some
ping-pong whatever it is just to sort of
break up my day a little bit trying to
find something light out Here I am back
with my banks in the same place as they
started earlier today I'm just gonna
make myself a quick protein shake have
the chicken that's coming from Nando's
and it's on its way really excited for
that if you guys have enjoyed this vlog
do leave a like on this video and
subscribe to my channel plenty more
vlogs and videos coming every single
week so I will see you guys in the next
video hope you're having a wonderful day
peace